add cctp index card (#196)
wormhole-foundation/wormhole-docs: build/contract-integrations/index.md

    [:octicons-arrow-right-16: Get started with Core Contracts](/docs/build/contract-integrations/core-contracts/)

-   :octicons-code-square-16:{ .lg .middle } **CCTP**

    ---

>     Learn how to interact directly with Circle's CCTP Bridge contracts, including TokenMessenger, TokenMinter, and MessageTransmitter. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Learn how to interact directly with Circle's CCTP Bridge contracts, including Token Messenger, Token Minter, and Message Transmitter. 
```

For contract names, we should stick to either formatting them using backticks (e.g., `TokenMessenger`) or casually referring to them with spaced names like Token Messenger, etc.

Since this is more conceptual or targeted at readers who may not immediately recognize the names as code elements, I'd say we should use spaced names here
